FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE (Austin, TX) -

An exciting new Deep Learning tool is proving skilled at identifying whether dogs, cats, or mice appear in images it evaluated. Called BeastmAIster, the tool is impressing users with its accuracy. BeastmAIster accepts an image of a dog, cat, or mouse and tells the user what it is they have submitted a picture of. For casual users this is a fun tool. But for some people who struggle with identifying the differences between the animals, this can be a lifesaver.

BeastmAIster is expected to help pet owners confused as to what kind of animal it is they own, exterminators wanting to keep customers happy and their pets safe, and dog show organizers wanting to reduce the growing number of mice and cats being submitted as contestants.

Pet owners confused as to what kind of animal they own can submit a photograph of their favorite pet and instantly discover the type of pet they are in possession of. This has reportedly led to greater bonding between owner and pet as well as improved pet health as pet food choices can now be focused on the type of pet owned.

Domestic exterminators are able to reduce legal costs by verifying, prior to exterminating, a targeted animal is not the owners’ dog or cat. By taking a picture of the pest and submitting it to the program, exterminators report greater confidence in their work. The BeastmAIster is able to confirm for them the targeted pest is more than 70% likely to not be a cat or dog. 

The increased number of cats and mice being surreptitiously submitted to some of the world’s  most prestigious dog shows has led to surprising, if not scandalous, results. Cats have disrupted several dog shows leading to the destruction of thousands of dollars of dog show set and decor. And the prestigious International Breed Dog Exhibition in Rostock Germany in 2019 was scandalized when its top prize was taken by a Eurasian Harvest Mouse (Micromys minutus) rather than the Westphalian Dachsbracke it was purported to be. BeastmAIster is already in discussions with several dog shows to be their exclusive cat, mouse, or dog identifying tool.

Investors and industrial use partners are encouraged to contact Benny or Paul at (512) 624-7837.
